- NEW YORK CITY
IS ONE OF THE MOST
EXPENSIVE CITIES IN THE WORLD.
- PEOPLE SPEND MILLIONS
AND MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
JUST TO LIVE IN THIS CITY.
- AND BECAUSE SPACE
IS LIMITED,
PROPERTY VALUES
ARE ASTRONOMICAL,
AND THAT'S GREAT NEWS IF YOU'RE
IN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
- YOU BETTER SELL THIS.
- THERE'S SOMETHING MYSTERIOUS
ABOUT NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S UP IN THE SKY.
YOU HAVE HUNDREDS OF
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS
OF REAL ESTATE, REALLY,
JUST STACKED UPON EACH OTHER.
- THERE'S 20,000,
25,000 REAL ESTATE AGENTS
ON ONE ISLAND, ALL COMPETING
FOR THE SAME BUSINESS.
- I WANT 2.2. I DON'T WANT
YOU TO [bleep] THIS UP.
- IF YOU DON'T DO YOUR JOB,
NEXT. IT'S OUT. YOU'RE OUT.
16 MILLION. YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
COME UP TO THAT POINT.
IT'S A TOTAL HIGH
TO MAKE A DEAL.
- IT'S--IT'S LIKE A DRUG.
- ARE YOU EXCITED?
ARE YOU EXCITED?
- I'M VERY EXCITED.
- DO YOU FEEL IT?
- THE ADRENALINE,
WHEN I'M ACTUALLY
GETTING THE DEAL DONE...
- WE HAVE OURSELVES A DEAL.
- THAT'S WHAT EXCITES ME.
- IT'S AMAZING AND IT'S SEXY.
- MY MOTTO IS EXPANSION,
ALWAYS IN ALL WAYS.
- I COME FROM
A REAL ESTATE FAMILY,
BUT I GUESS YOU CAN CALL ME
THE NEW KID ON THE BLOCK.
- I'M THE CLOSER
AND A LISTING MACHINE.
WHAT MAKES ME BETTER IS THAT
I WORK HARDER THAN ANYONE ELSE.
- LOOK ME IN THE EYE, MAN.
- YES, I WANT YOU TO LEAVE.
- MY NAME IS FREDRIK.
I'M 33 YEARS OLD.
I'M ORIGINALLY FROM SWEDEN.
I'M THIS YOUNG GUY
WHO CAME TO NEW YORK,
AND I'VE SOLD $1 BILLION
OF REAL ESTATE
SO FAR IN MY CAREER.
[phone ringing]
HEY.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
IF I WAKE UP
TWO HOURS EARLIER
BEFORE EVERYONE ELSE
AND STAY IN THE OFFICE
TWO HOURS MORE,
I'LL BE THE NUMBER ONE.
CALL THE OTHER BROKER
AND PUT SOME PRESSURE ON HER.
I LOVE NEW YORK REAL ESTATE.
IT REALLY FITS ME PERFECTLY,
'CAUSE I'M CRAZY.
WHOO!
UH, AND THEN, OF COURSE,
THE MONEY, YEAH.
HEY, CAMILLE.
- HEY.
- WELCOME.
- ONE OF THE NEWEST
DEVELOPMENTS IN MY LIFE
IS THAT I'M CHANGING FIRMS.
WHAT A GREAT EXPOSURE.
MADISON AVENUE,
76TH STREET.
THE MONEY THAT WALKS
BY THAT WINDOW IS INSANE.
I MEAN, NOW WE'RE PLAYING
WITH THE BIG BOYS.
AND, YOU KNOW, WE HAVE
A LOT OF EYES ON US
SO IT'S VERY IMPORTANT
FOR ME
THAT I FEEL THAT
YOU'RE WITH ME ON THIS
AND WE JUST WORK, LIKE,
NONSTOP, AROUND THE CLOCK.
I WANT YOU TO WAKE UP
IN THE MORNING LIKE I DO.
JUST JUMP UP AND DOWN.
NO, REALLY, SERIOUSLY.
WHEN IT COMES TO MY TEAM,
MY TEAM MEMBERS,
I HAVE NO PATIENCE
FOR LAZINESS.
UNPACK OUR BOXES QUICKLY.
LET'S START CALLING BUYERS.
WE NEED TO START GETTING
LISTINGS, SO LET'S START.
THANKS.
- OKAY, GREAT.
[birds singing]
[alarm buzzing]
- MY NAME
IS MICHAEL LORBER.
I GUESS YOU COULD SAY
REAL ESTATE RUNS IN MY FAMILY.
HEY, DAD.
MY DAD IS A CHAIRMAN
OF THE LARGEST
RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE
BROKERAGE FIRM
HERE IN NEW YORK CITY.
I'VE LIVED AND BREATHED REAL
ESTATE SINCE I WAS A LITTLE KID.
BY TEN YEARS OLD,
AS A HOBBY ON THE WEEKENDS,
I WOULD LOVE TO GO
AND TRY TO GET MY FAMILY
TO TAKE ME TO OPEN HOUSES.
YEAH, I'VE BEEN DYING
TO SEE THAT BUILDING.
AFTER GETTING MY LAW DEGREE
AND THEN MY MASTER'S DEGREE,
I DECIDED TO FOLLOW
IN MY FATHER'S FOOTSTEPS.
UP UNTIL NOW,
I'VE STUDIED REAL ESTATE,
SO I GUESS I KNOW IT ALL
IN THEORY,
BUT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I'M
PRACTICING ENTIRELY ON MY OWN.
I'VE HAD A LOT OF ADVANTAGES
IN MY LIFE.
I LIKE A LOT OF NICE THINGS.
YOU KNOW, I LIKE FINE ART,
I LIKE TRAVELING.
I LIKE WATCHES,
I LIKE RARE BOOKS.
I MEAN, LET'S FACE IT.
I LIKE LUXURY.
WHO DOESN'T?
- HEY.
- YOU LOOK DAPPER.
- I HAD A CLIENT TODAY.
MY DAD'S
A VERY INTIMIDATING GUY,
AND I'M NOT EXEMPT FROM THAT
'CAUSE I'M HIS SON.
YOU KNOW, HE'S NOT
JUST MY FATHER,
BUT HE'S ALSO MY BOSS.
BUT HE'D ALSO BE THE FIRST ONE
TO PROBABLY FIRE ME
IF I DID SOMETHING WRONG.
IT'S FUNNY, THE WORDS
YOU CAN'T SAY NOW.
I WAS GOING THROUGH THEM
WITH MY REAL ESTATE CLASSES.
I MEAN, YEAH, YOU--YOU CAN'T
SAY "PRESTIGIOUS" NOW
BECAUSE THAT MEANS, UH,
"PRESTIGIOUS" MEANS
YOU'RE EXCLUDING,
WHICH MEANS, YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE ELIMINATING
A CERTAIN GROUP FROM
LIVING IN THE BUILDING.
I GET, A LOT OF TIMES,
PEOPLE ASK,
"A LOT OF FAMILIES
IN THIS BUILDING?"
AND I CAN'T SAY YES OR NO.
I HAVE TO SAY,
"WELL, YOU REALLY HAVE TO
SIT IN THE LOBBY FOR AN HOUR
AND JUST SEE WHAT YOU SEE."
THAT'S THE RI--
THAT'S LIKE THE--
THAT'S THE RIGHT WAY
TO ANSWER.
I HAVE A LIST OF WORDS
I CAN AND CAN'T SAY.
- WELL, YOU BETTER SEND ME
A COPY OF THE LIST.
- YEAH.
- OH, BY THE WAY,
REBECCA SUMMIT.
- THE SUMMIT, YEAH.
- IS THAT ONE TOWNHOUSE LEVEL?
- RIGHT.
- AND, UH, YOU KNOW, LEONARD'S
BEEN WORKING ON IT.
OH, IS HE?
- YEAH.
- AND I THINK YOU SHOULD,
LIKE, GET TOGETHER WITH HIM
AND TRY TO HELP HIM
GET IT DONE.
- YEAH, I'D LOVE TO GO.
THOSE ARE GREAT APARTMENTS.
- NOT THAT LEONARD
NEEDS YOUR HELP, REALLY.
- NO, I KNOW. LEONARD'S
A TOP BROKER DOWNTOWN.
- YEAH, EXACTLY.
- I CAN GET SOME MORE
DOWNTOWN EXPERIENCE.
- YEAH, YOU'LL GET SOME
GOOD EXPERIENCE.
- THIS IS SUCH A GREAT
OPPORTUNITY FOR ME,
MY DAD INTRODUCING ME
TO LEONARD.
I HAVE A LOT OF GREAT
UPTOWN CLIENTS
WHO ARE LOOKING
TO MOVE DOWNTOWN.
I JUST REALLY NEED
TO CONVINCE LEONARD
THAT I'M HIS MAN
AND I'M GONNA HELP HIM
SELL THIS APARTMENT.
I'LL DEFINITELY
CALL LEONARD.
THAT WOULD BE FUN
TO WORK ON DOWNTOWN.
- I'M RYAN SERHANT.
I'M 26 YEARS OLD.
NEW YORK REAL ESTATE
IS VERY DOG EAT DOG.
- ONE, TWO, THREE.
- GOOD REAL ESTATE AGENTS
HAVE TO BE FIGHTERS.
- CROSS.
- I DIDN'T COME
INTO REAL ESTATE
WITH ANY KIND OF HOOK-UP,
SO I BASICALLY HAD TO START
FROM SCRATCH.
I AM INCREDIBLY HUNGRY.
I MEAN, IF I WANT SOMETHING,
I'M GONNA GET IT,
NO MATTER WHAT IT TAKES,
WHETHER IT COMES TO,
YOU KNOW, LISTINGS OR GIRLS.
I HAVE VERY LITTLE TIME,
SO THE DRUNKER I GET YOU,
THE FASTER, THE BETTER IT IS
FOR ME AND YOU IN THE END GAME.
MY MOTTO IS EXPANSION,
ALWAYS IN ALL WAYS.
HEY, DINA?
- HEY, RYAN.
- OKAY, SO I AM
GOING TO 120 RIVERSIDE.
- OKAY, COOL.
- SO CAN YOU GIVE ME
THE COMPS, PLEASE?
- YEP, I'M ON IT.
- COOL.
DINA IS THE BEST ASSISTANT
IN THE WORLD.
I MEAN, SHE STAYS
ON TOP OF ME.
- OKAY.
- COOL.
I WENT ON A DATE LAST NIGHT.
- SHOCKER.
- DO YOU WANT TO KNOW
HOW IT WENT?
- HMM, I WANT TO SAY...
NO.
- COME ON, PLEASE, PLEASE,
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE.
- FINE,
'CAUSE YOU'RE BEGGING.
- [sighs]
HER NAME WAS, UH...
- UH?
- UH, I HAVE A LOT ON MY MIND.
I HAVE A LOT ON MY MIND.
SHE'S SO HOT.
I DON'T THINK SHE'S GONNA
BE ABLE TO WALK FOR DAYS.
[exhales]
- RYAN, YOU DISGUST ME.
- WHAT?
WHY? I'M JUST BEING HONEST.
- OKAY.
- LOUIE, WILL YOU TAKE ME
TO 70 LITTLE WEST STREET
IN BATTERY PARK CITY?
APPRECIATE IT.
BATTERY PARK CITY IS ON THE
SOUTHWESTERN TIP OF MANHATTAN,
BETWEEN GROUND ZERO
FINANCIAL DISTRICT
AND HUDSON RIVER,
AND IT'S KNOWN
FOR ITS PARKS
AND AMAZING VIEWS
OF THE STATUE OF LIBERTY.
THE VISIONAIRE IS ONE OF THE
GREENEST BUILDINGS IN THE WORLD.
THAT'S VERY HOT ON THE AGENDA
RIGHT NOW FOR BUYERS.
HEY, JOHN.
- FREDRIK, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
JOHN IS A NEW CLIENT WHO NEEDS
A GOOD REAL ESTATE AGENT
FOR TWO REASONS--ONE, TO SELL
HIS CURRENT APARTMENT,
AND TWO, TO FIND HIM
A BIGGER ONE.
WHAT AN INCREDIBLE VIEW.
- YOU COULD SIT HERE
ALL DAY AND JUST--
THE WATER JUST, YOU KNOW,
MESMERIZES YOU.
- OKAY, SO LET'S, UH,
LET'S LOOK AT THE APARTMENT.
AND THIS IS THE MASTER BATH?
- THIS IS THE MASTER BATH,
YES.
- YOU DID THE TOILETS, OR THEY
WERE DELIVERED LIKE THAT?
- NO, WE--WE UPGRADED
THE TOILETS.
WE PUT THESE ELECTRIC
FLUSH TOILETS IN.
IF YOU GO BY IT,
IT'LL OPEN UP.
IT ISN'T DOING IT.
ALL RIGHT.
[laughter]
- THE PRICE JUST WENT UP.
CAN YOU SEE...YEAH,
THAT'S THE STATUE OF LIBERTY.
AND I HEAR YOU HAVE, UH,
I HEAR YOU HAVE
A NICE BOAT, TOO.
- YEAH,
A 162-FOOT CHRISTENSEN,
AND WE PARK IT RIGHT DOWN HERE
IN THE NORTH COVE.
- RIGHT HERE?
SO, UM, WHEN I SELL
THE APARTMENT FOR YOU,
CAN I TAKE--CAN I SEE THE BOAT?
- OH, YEAH.
- WILL YOU TAKE ME--
TAKE ME FOR A RIDE?
- DEFINITELY.
- I WANT TO HEAR
WHERE YOU'RE GONNA GO
WHEN I SELL THIS FOR YOU.
- WELL, I'D LIKE TO STAY
IN THE BUILDING.
I'D LIKE TO GO UP HIGHER,
AND, UH,
GET SOME MORE ROOM, YEAH.
- OKAY, PERFECT.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO PAY
MORE MONEY, THOUGH.
YOU REALIZE THAT?
- I'M SURE.
- JOHN IS DEFINITELY
THE QUIET, VERBOTEN TYPE,
AND THE QUIET ONES
ARE ALWAYS TROUBLE.
BUT, LOOK,
HE'S SELLING SOMETHING
AND HE'S MOVING RIGHT UP
IN THE SAME BUILDING.
THAT'S TWO COMMISSIONS.
SO LET'S TALK ABOUT A PRICE
FOR THIS APARTMENT.
DO YOU HAVE
A SPECIFIC PRICE?
- I-I THINK I SHOULD GET
AT LEAST, UH, 2.3 MILLION.
- OKAY. I THINK
THAT'S A LITTLE HIGH.
AS A BROKER, I'M GONNA
HAVE TO FIGHT AND COMPETE
WITH OTHER REMAINING UNITS
IN THE BUILDING,
AND UNFORTUNATELY FOR US,
A SIMILAR APARTMENT,
NOT AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOURS
WITH WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO IT,
CLOSED RECENTLY
FOR A LOT LESS.
SO I THINK IF WE CAN
COMPROMISE AROUND 2.2...
- I THOUGHT THAT,
YOU KNOW, IF WE ASK 2.3,
MAYBE WE'LL GET 2.2.
BUT IF WE ASK 2.2, UH, WE'RE
PROBABLY GONNA TAKE LESS.
- UM, YOU WANT TO MOVE UP
WITHIN THE BUILDING.
YOU WANT SOMETHING LARGER.
THAT'S WHERE YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE YOUR MONEY.
YOU USE ME, AND I'M GONNA
BROKERAGE THAT DEAL FOR YOU,
AND WE'RE GONNA LEVERAGE
THIS PRICE, 2.2,
INTO SOMETHING MUCH BIGGER,
AND THAT'S REALLY WHERE
YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
THAT 50,000
OR 100,000 MORE.
- IF WE'RE GONNA ASK 2.2,
I DON'T WANT YOU TO GET ME 2.1.
YOU KNOW, I WANT 2.2. I DON'T
WANT YOU TO [bleep] THIS UP.
- I'M FROM SWEDEN.
WE DON'T USE THAT WORD THERE.
I'LL GET YOU 2.2.
LET'S SIGN SOME LISTING
AGREEMENTS.
6%.
YOU SIGN THERE.
- COMING UP...
- WAIT, WHAT IS THIS ROOM?
WHAT IS THAT? A THUMBPRINT?
- YEAH.
[beeps]
- WHOA.
- I'M AT 2,375,000
AND NOT A PENNY MORE.
- I'M HEADED OVER
TO 120 RIVERSIDE
TO PITCH A LISTING RIGHT NOW.
SOME OF THE BEST REAL ESTATE
IN NEW YORK CITY
IS ON RIVERSIDE BOULEVARD.
THE BOULEVARD IS PREMIER
WATERFRONT REAL ESTATE
ON THE UPPER WEST SIDE
OF MANHATTAN.
THERE ARE BEAUTIFUL,
BEAUTIFUL APARTMENTS
IN FULL-AMENITY BUILDINGS.
SAYING THAT YOU LIVE
IN THOSE BUILDINGS,
WHICH IS WHERE SAUDI PRINCES
AND A-ROD LIVES,
IS CLASS STATUS.
HEY.
- HEY.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- HEY, RYAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
- HEY, ADRIANA,
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- KISSES.
- I'VE KNOWN ADRIANA SOCIALLY
FOR A WHILE NOW.
I MEAN, LOOK, AND WE HANG OUT
AT THE SAME CLUBS,
AND WE MIX AND MINGLE IN
THE SAME GROUP OF FRIENDS.
WHAT TIME DID YOU
GET IN LAST NIGHT?
- LIKE 5:00 IN THE MORNING.
- 5:00 IN THE MORNING?
SHE IS VERY MUCH
A SOCIALITE HEIRESS.
COOL. SO YOU WANNA, LIKE,
JUST DO A LITTLE TOUR?
- YEAH, SURE.
- KIND OF WALK THROUGH?
- YEP.
- WAIT, WHAT IS THIS ROOM?
WHAT IS THAT, A THUMBPRINT?
- YEAH, I'LL SHOW YOU
IN A LITTLE.
[beep]
- OKAY.
- DON'T BE SCARED.
IT'S A LITTLE MESSY, OKAY?
- I'M KIND OF NERVOUS.
I'M KIND OF NERVOUS.
OH, MY GOD.
WHOA.
SO NO ONE CAN GET IN HERE
BUT YOU?
- NOT ME.
- SO, WAIT.
SO YOU'RE PROTECTING THIS
AGAINST--
AGAINST EDDIE OR--?
- I GUESS MY GIRLFRIENDS.
I DON'T WANT THEM COMING
TO CHANGE CLOTHES.
[laughter]
- AND THEN IN HERE, THERE'S
ABOUT 800 PAIR OF SHOES.
- THERE'S 800 IN HERE?
- HE COUNTED BECAUSE
HE WAS MAD AT ME ONE DAY.
- I STARTED THINKING ABOUT HOW
I'M GONNA SHOW THIS APARTMENT.
THERE'S GOTTA BE
ONLY A FEW PEOPLE
WHO WOULD WANT TO PAY MONEY
TO HAVE A PANIC ROOM
FOR CLOTHES.
SORRY, I THINK I GOT
ONE OF THE--
YEAH, IT WAS
A CHANEL JACKET
THAT JUST KIND OF
FELL ON THE GROUND.
THIS IS NICE.
IT ALSO STILL HAS
ITS TAG ON IT.
THAT'S A REALLY EXPENSIVE
CHANEL JACKET.
- THAT'S A $9,000 JACKET.
- THIS IS
THE SECOND BATHROOM.
SO THESE ARE THE OTHER, I GUESS,
300 PAIRS OF SHOES.
- WOW.
AND THE CRAZIEST PART ABOUT
ADRIANA'S APARTMENT...
- PRESS AND GO,
ON THE FEET.
- INTERESTING.
LET'S TALK ABOUT SELLING
YOUR APARTMENT.
SO I WANT TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT POSSIBLY...
POSSIBLY DECLUTTERING
THE SPACE A LITTLE BIT.
HEY, LOOK, I'M NOT SAYING
WE HAVE TO, LIKE,
GET RID OF EVERYTHING.
WE JUST WANT TO
KIND OF SLIM DOWN.
WE COMPROMISE.
THAT'S WHAT RELATIONSHIPS
ARE ABOUT.
I MEAN, LOOK, SOMETIMES WHEN
YOU HAVE TO CONVINCE SOMEONE
TO DO SOMETHING THAT THEY
DON'T REALLY WANT TO DO,
YOU GOTTA--YOU GOTTA
TURN ON THE CHARM.
YOU GOTTA BE SMILEY.
YOU GOTTA SHOW THE DIMPLE.
YEAH, YOU'VE GOT TO FLIRT
WITH THEM A LITTLE BIT.
AND I WANT TO BE YOUR BROKER.
- SO NOW WE'RE GONNA BUILD
A RELATIONSHIP?
- MM-HMM.
THAT'S WHAT I'M ASKING FOR.
COOL. SO LET'S TALK
ABOUT PRICE.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
WHAT ARE YOU IN FOR?
- WE'RE IN FOR ABOUT
4 AND CHANGE.
- HONESTLY, THERE ARE NO COMPS
FOR THIS APARTMENT.
JUST, I MEAN, PFFT,
WHAT OTHER DUPLEX
WITH WHITE CARRERA MARBLE
THROUGHOUT IT
EXISTS ON THE BOULEVARD?
IT DOESN'T.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
LIKE, 4...4.4?
DEAL?
- DEAL.
- HANDSHAKE?
- A FIRM ONE.
- THANK YOU.
- HANDSHAKE? ALL RIGHT.
SO LET'S GO.
IT'S GO TIME.
- [groans]
HEY, TOM.
[groans]
- HOW ARE YOU DOING, MIKE?
- GOOD. WE'RE GOING OUT
TO, UH, TRIBECA,
DOWN TO GREENWICH STREET.
- YOU GOT IT.
- TRIBECA IS A NEIGHBORHOOD
IN LOWER MANHATTAN.
THE NAME STANDS FOR
"TRIANGLE BELOW CANAL."
TRIBECA IS ONE OF THE HOTTEST
NEIGHBORHOODS IN NEW YORK.
EVERYONE WANTS THAT NEW
YORK-STYLE LOFT APARTMENT.
THEY WANT TO BE NEAR
ALL THE CELEBRITIES
THAT FLOCK DOWN THERE,
LIKE ROBERT DENIRO AND JAY-Z.
- HEY, MICHAEL.
- HEY.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- LEONARD, WHAT'S UP?
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
HOW ARE YOU?
- LEONARD'S PROBABLY
ONE OF THE BEST DOWNTOWN BROKERS
IN NEW YORK,
SO I'M REALLY PSYCHED MY DAD
PUT ME IN TOUCH WITH HIM.
- WELL,
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELL-DRESSED.
VERY SHARP.
EXACTLY.
- ON-SITE BROKERS USUALLY WORK
AT A NEW DEVELOPMENT
AND STRICTLY SELL THE ACTUAL
APARTMENTS IN THAT DEVELOPMENT,
AND A LOT OF TIMES,
THESE ON-SITE BROKERS
WILL CALL SOME OF THEIR FRIENDS
IN THE BROKERAGE COMMUNITY
AND SAY, "HEY,
WORK ON THIS WITH ME.
WE'LL SELL TOGETHER."
- SO THIS IS THE UNIT.
- WHO'S--WHO DID
YOUR STAGING HERE?
- AMY SHAIR.
SHE'S REALLY GOOD.
THE AMAZING THING
ABOUT THIS SPACE IS,
YOU GET INCREDIBLE
CEILING HEIGHTS.
SO THIS IS THE MASTER
BEDROOM SUITE,
AND IT'S REALLY INCREDIBLE.
- NICE.
I LOVE THE WINDOWS.
- YOU ENTER OFF THE STREET.
YOU HAVE THESE BIG,
BEAUTIFUL WINDOWS
THAT LET IN A LOT OF LIGHT.
SO I THINK
IT WOULD BE WONDERFUL
IF YOU COULD HELP US,
BECAUSE YOU HAVE SUCH
AN INCREDIBLE CONNECTION
TO THE UPTOWN WORLD.
- LEONARD KNOWS I DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF EXPERIENCE
SELLING PROPERTIES,
BUT WHAT I DO HAVE
IS A HUGE ROLODEX
OF UPTOWN CLIENTS
LOOKING FOR LOFTS DOWNTOWN.
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN
ASKING FOR NOW?
- 3.75.
- YEAH.
SO HOW WOULD WE
STRUCTURE THIS?
'CAUSE YOU ALREADY HAVE
THE LISTING, RIGHT?
- RIGHT. WELL, I THINK WE CAN
KEEP IT REALLY SIMPLE.
IF FOR SOME REASON
YOU BRING IN THE BUYER
AND YOU HAVE A WHOLE--
- FOR SOME REASON?
[laughs]
- UM, IF YOU BRING IN
A BUYER,
WE'LL JUST SPLIT
THE COMMISSION
AND KEEP IT VERY SIMPLE.
IF I SELL IT ON MY OWN,
THEN, OF COURSE, I'LL TAKE
ALL THE COMMISSION.
- SURE, LEONARD HAS A LOT MORE
EXPERIENCE THAN I DO,
BUT ON THE OTHER,
I'VE GOT A LOT OF KNOWLEDGE,
I'VE GOT GREAT CONTACTS,
AND I CAN ALWAYS GO
TO MY DAD FOR HELP,
SO IT KIND OF LEVELS OUT
THE PLAYING FIELD.
SO I GOTTA ACT QUICK
AND GET SOMEONE DOWN HERE
BEFORE YOU SELL IT.
- VERY QUICKLY.
VERY QUICKLY.
- SO IT'LL GET COMPETITIVE,
I GUESS.
- I LIKE COMPETITION.
- I'VE BEEN WORKING HARD
WITH THE ON-SITE SALES AGENT
AT THE VISIONAIRE TO FIND JOHN
A BIGGER APARTMENT
ON A HIGHER FLOOR.
CHA-CHING.
I FOUND ONE.
THANK YOU.
NORMALLY A BUYER
WOULD WAIT
TO BUY A NEW APARTMENT
UNTIL HE SOLD HIS OLD ONE,
BUT JOHN SEEMS TO HAVE
SOME DISCRETIONARY MONEY,
AND I LOVE THAT.
HOW MANY STORIES
IN THIS BUILDING?
- IT'S A 35-STORY BUILDING.
WE'RE ON THE 27TH FLOOR.
- THAT REALLY LOOKS BETTER
FROM UP HERE THAN DOWNSTAIRS.
- SO NOW IT'S MY JOB
TO GET THEM DOWN
FROM THEIR VERY HIGH
ASKING PRICE OF 2.8 MILLION.
CLOSING CENTER.
LET'S CLOSE THIS DEAL.
THE OFFER THAT I'M AUTHORIZED
TO GIVE YOU--
2,375,000.
- WELL, HOW DID YOU COME UP
WITH THIS NUMBER?
- HE CAME UP WITH IT.
- HOW DID HE COME UP
WITH THIS NUMBER?
- THAT'S WHAT
HE WANTS TO PAY.
- WELL, WHAT PEOPLE
WANT TO PAY
IS NOT WHAT THINGS
ARE WORTH.
- I THINK--WELL, WHAT WAS
THE LAST B-LINE YOU SOLD?
- WE JUST SOLD
THE 28TH FLOOR.
- FOR HOW MUCH?
- 2.4.
- SO THERE WE GO.
HE WASN'T THAT WRONG.
- YEAH, SO WE'RE IN
THE BALLPARK,
BUT THAT WAS ABOUT A YEAR AGO.
- HMM.
- LOOK, FREDRIK, 2.4 IS--
IS THE BOTTOM LINE.
- I'M CLEVER.
I TOOK THEIR OWN COMP
FROM A YEAR AGO
AND I THREW IT BACK
AT THEM,
AND I GOT THEM DOWN
$400,000 IN PRICE.
ALL I HAVE TO DO NOW
IS GET THE LAST $25,000
OFF THE PRICE FOR JOHN.
- HELLO.
- HEY, JOHN.
WE'RE TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT A PRICE
THAT WOULD WORK FOR YOU
FOR 27-B.
UNDERSTOOD.
THANK YOU, JOHN.
YEAH, IT'S VERY SIMPLE.
"NOT A PENNY MORE."
- IT'S 2.4 MILLION
WE NEED TO GET TO.
- ARE YOU GONNA LOSE
2,375,000 OVER 25,000?
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
- HE'S GONNA LOSE
A GREAT HOME OVER $25,000?
THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE
TO ME, EITHER.
- I RESPECT HIS DECISION.
- IT'S $25,000.
WE'RE PAYING A 4% COMMISSION.
LET'S GET CREATIVE HERE.
1% IS ABOUT $25,000.
- BUT YOU'RE ASKING ME TO COME
DOWN IN COMMISSION.
- I WORK FOR THE DEVELOPER.
I GET PAID THE SAME
EITHER WAY.
I'M ASKING YOU TO HELP ME
BRIDGE THE GAP HERE.
- SO YOU'RE SAYING
IF I WOULD COME DOWN
FROM 4% TO 3%,
WE HAVE A DEAL?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
- AI-YI-YI.
- DO THE MATH.
- $72,000.
$72,000
IS BETTER THAN ZERO.
I GUESS IT'S A WIN,
WIN, WIN.
- THAT'S RIGHT.
- I'LL GET YOU THE DEAL SHEET
TODAY,
AND I'M GONNA CALL MY CLIENT
AND TELL HIM THE GOOD NEWS.
THANK YOU.
- THANKS.
- SOMETIMES WHEN YOU'RE
NEGOTIATING FOR A BUYER,
YOU HAVE TO MAKE THE SELLER
THINK THAT YOU'RE DOING HIM
A FAVOR.
SO I CAME DOWN
IN COMMISSION.
WILL I DO IT AGAIN?
MAYBE. MAYBE NOT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOT A SALE.
AND NOW I'M GONNA
GO DOWNSTAIRS
AND GET ANOTHER
COMMISSION CHECK.
- COMING UP...
- SO THIS IS
THE FIRST BEDROOM.
- OH, MY GOSH.
- I'M GONNA BACK UP OVER HERE.
- CRA--WOW.
- HEY, I NEED YOU TO SEND OUT
SOME EMAIL BLASTS
FOR THE VISIONAIRE
AND, UH,
I NEED AN AD
BEFORE THE END OF THE DAY.
CAN YOU DO THIS FOR ME?
A PRIVATE SHOWING?
OKAY, JUSTIN,
YOU JUST MADE MY DAY.
THAT'S VERY GOOD NEWS.
[phone ringing]
- HEY, VINCENT, IT'S
MICHAEL LORBER. HOW ARE YOU?
- HEY, GREAT.
HOW ARE YOU?
- I GOT A NEW LISTING
DOWNTOWN.
YOU KNOW,
THE TRIBECA SUMMIT.
THE COMPETITION IS ON.
I'M DETERMINED TO SELL THIS
APARTMENT BEFORE LEONARD.
THERE'S NOT MANY UNITS
LEFT THERE.
NO, I SAID ARTISTS.
IT'S PERFECT FOR ARTISTS.
WITH MY ROLODEX,
I KNOW I CAN DO IT.
HEY, KIMBERLY,
IT'S MICHAEL LORBER.
HOW ARE YOU?
- GOOD. HOW ARE YOU, HONEY?
- I'M GOOD.
KIMBERLY IS SOMEONE
THAT I'VE KNOWN FOR
A COUPLE YEARS SOCIALLY,
AND I'VE HEARD THAT
SHE'S IN THE MARKET.
ARE YOU STILL LOOKING FOR
A PLACE IN NEW YORK CITY?
- WELL, YEAH, I AM.
- TELL ME ABOUT THE APARTMENT.
- I RUN THE STUDIO THERE
DURING THE DAY,
AND SO THERE'S FABRICS
EVERYWHERE.
- IS THIS YOURS?
- YES. I MADE IT
OUT OF A TABLECLOTH.
- REALLY?
- [laughs]
- I LOVE THAT.
I LOVE THAT.
EVERY SINGLE DAY,
EVERY SINGLE MINUTE,
IT'S ABOUT GETTING
NEW BUSINESS,
SO YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND ME WINING
AND DINING SOMEONE
TO TRY TO LAND A NEW CLIENT.
AND YOU COULD STAY IN SOHO.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO GO
ANYWHERE ELSE.
BECAUSE I THINK, FOR ME,
I MEAN, I THINK
THAT'S PRETTY IMPORTANT.
IN NEW YORK CITY, REAL ESTATE
IS A SMALL, SMALL WORLD.
THE BIG AGENTS,
EVERYONE KNOWS EACH OTHER.
- HI. HOW ARE YOU?
- HEY.
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
BUT THERE'S MORE THAN
300,000 RESTAURANTS
IN NEW YORK CITY ALONE,
AND FREDRIK HAPPENS JUST TO BE
STROLLING THROUGH THIS ONE?
FREDRIK IS A SHARK,
AND HE DOES WHAT SHARKS DO.
HE SMELLS BLOOD.
- ARE YOU GONNA INTRODUCE US?
- THIS IS BONNIE YOUNG.
- BONNIE YOUNG. FREDRIK EKLUND.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
- DO YOU GUYS WORK TOGETHER?
- NO.
- YEAH.
WE WORK IN THE SAME INDUSTRY.
- RIGHT.
- RYAN JUST GOT STARTED.
I'VE BEEN WORKING FOR, UH,
NINE YEARS.
- NO, HE'S MUCH OLDER
THAN ME.
- RYAN, YOU WERE AN ACTOR.
- RIGHT, HE WAS AN ACTOR BEFORE.
- SO WAS FREDRIK.
- YEAH.
I HAVE A LITTLE BIT
OF ACTING.
- HE, UH, HE'S DONE GAY PORN.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- TEN YEARS AGO,
I DID SOME MOVIES. GAY PORN.
AND I THINK YOU CAN SEE IN
MY EYES THAT I DON'T REGRET IT.
UM, I NEVER, EVER TRY
TO HIDE IT.
I--YOU KNOW,
I GOTTA OWN IT.
SO YOU'RE SELLING
AN APARTMENT?
- POSSIBLY.
- WELL, YOU KNOW, NO BROKER
HAS MORE BUYERS THAN I DO.
YEAH, OF COURSE.
- SURE, SIT DOWN.
- HE SOUNDS PRETTY GOOD.
HE JUST TOLD ME HE DID
$100 MILLION THIS YEAR.
- REALLY?
I DID A BILLION.
- WOW.
- THE ONLY WAY TO BE SUCCESSFUL
IN NEW YORK CITY,
WHICH IS A CUTTHROAT BUSINESS,
YOU HAVE TO SELL YOURSELF.
I'LL GIVE YOU MY CARD
IN THE EVENT YOU WANT TO
ACTUALLY SELL THE APARTMENT
AND NOT JUST LIST IT.
I HAVE A VERY GOOD INTUITION
AND, UH, I FEEL LIKE WE'RE GONNA
GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
- DOESN'T HE HAVE
HIS OWN CLIENTS?
HE'S DONE A BILLION DOLLARS
WORTH OF REAL ESTATE.
- YOU'RE LOVELY.
- COOL. DUDE,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
- REALLY NICE
TO MEET YOU TOO.
ENJOY YOUR, UH...
- IT'S VERY GOOD.
- BONNIE, CALL ME.
LET'S GO AND HAVE LUNCH
AT THE FOUR SEASONS.
SEE YOU GUYS.
- SEE YOU.
- BYE.
- THANK YOU. OVER HERE?
- KIMBERLY'S
AN AMAZING WOMAN
WITH TWO SONS
IN THEIR EARLY 20s.
REALLY ARTISTIC.
I THOUGHT OF HER 'CAUSE SHE'S
LOOKING FOR AN APARTMENT
IN AN ARTSY NEIGHBORHOOD
JUST LIKE TRIBECA.
- WOW, LOOK AT THIS.
- SO, YEAH, THIS IS IT.
YOU'RE RIGHT ON
THE STREET HERE.
YOU'RE RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF IT ALL.
THIS IS LIKE THE GRAND
ENTERTAINING FLOOR.
GREAT FOR YOU FOR--
- YEAH, PARTIES.
- ALL THE PARTIES
AND, YOU KNOW,
IT KIND OF ALMOST COULD
DOUBLE AS AN ART GALLERY.
- YEAH.
WELL, ACTUALLY, YES.
- SHE'S REALLY WITH
THE WHOLE ART SCENE.
ONE OF HER SONS
IS A GREAT ARTIST.
THE OTHER ONE IS GONNA BE
A GREAT FILM PRODUCER.
AND I THINK, IN THIS AREA,
IT'D JUST BE A GREAT PLACE
FOR THEM TO LIVE AND BREATHE
IN THIS ENVIRONMENT.
SO LET'S GO UPSTAIRS.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU
THE BEDROOMS
AND HOW EACH IS KIND OF
LAID OUT DIFFERENTLY.
SO THIS WOULD BE
ONE BEDROOM.
- BUT THIS IS A BEDROOM?
- YEAH.
- THIS IS PRETTY.
- VERY SIMILAR TO THE FIRST ONE.
- RIGHT. IT'S VERY--
- BUT IT HAS A LITTLE TERRACE.
- AND THIS IS THE MASTER.
- WHERE YOU HAVE
THE ORIGINAL BIG WINDOWS
OVERLOOKING LAKE STREET.
- IT'S SO PRETTY. YEAH.
THIS IS A NICE ROOM.
- KIMBERLY REALLY SEEMED
TO LIKE THE APARTMENT,
BUT YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW
SOMEBODY'S LOVE
FOR A PIECE OF PROPERTY
UNTIL THERE'S A DOLLAR SIGN
IN FRONT OF IT.
- CAN I SIT DOWN ON THE BED?
- OKAY. YOU GET THAT SIDE?
- YEAH.
- OKAY.
- I'LL SIT HERE?
- YEAH.
- OKAY.
- NO, LOOK AT THE VIEW.
- OH, AND YOU LOOK--YEAH,
YOU REALLY LOOK UP ON THE--
- I LIKE THAT.
- THE TRIBECA HERE.
- AND I LIKE THE LIGHT.
- THIS IS A COOL SPACE.
- YEAH.
SO TELL ME, MICHAEL,
WHAT DOES A PLACE LIKE THIS
GO FOR IN TRIBECA?
- YOU KNOW, THE DEVELOPER
STILL OWNS THIS UNIT.
- UH-HUH.
- I'M WORKING WITH
ANOTHER BROKER HERE.
WE'RE ASKING 3.75 MILLION.
BUT I THINK
THERE'S SOME ROOM.
YOU KNOW, I THINK IF
THERE'S A 3 IN FRONT OF IT--
- UH-HUH.
- YOU KNOW, WE COULD PROBABLY
GET A DEAL DONE.
I'VE DONE A LOT OF DEALS IN,
YOU KNOW, BOARDROOMS
AND LIVING ROOMS AND CARS
AND CONFERENCE ROOMS,
BUT NEVER IN A BEDROOM,
REALLY.
- SO YOU THINK THIS IS
A PRETTY GOOD DEAL?
- I DO. I MEAN, I THINK
IT SHOULD GO FAST.
- OKAY.
WE SHOULD MAKE AN OFFER.
- I'M THINKING A LOW 3,
MICHAEL.
- OKAY. WELL, IT DOESN'T
GET ANY LOWER THAN 3.
- 3. [laughs]
- OKAY.
- YOU THINK THAT MIGHT,
YOU KNOW, DO IT?
- YEAH.
- 3'S A GREAT NUMBER
BUT 2'S EVEN BETTER.
- IF WE GAVE HIM 2.9, 2.8,
YOU KNOW,
HE'S JUST GONNA LAUGH AT US.
- HE'S--YEAH.
- BUT HE'LL SEE 3
AND KNOW--
- AND THINK IT'S SERIOUS?
- THAT WE'RE SERIOUS.
THIS IS GREAT.
I GOT AN OFFER.
IT'S A LITTLE LOW, BUT IT'S GOT
THE 3 IN FRONT OF IT,
AND I THINK IT'S THE PERFECT
STARTING POINT.
- I THINK WE'VE BEEN IN BED
LONG ENOUGH NOW, DON'T YOU?
- TO WHAT, CLOSE A DEAL?
- YEAH.
[laughter]
- THIS IS THE MOST FUN
I'VE EVER HAD IN BED.
- OH, THERE YOU GO.
POOR THING.
- JOHN HAS ALREADY BOUGHT
A THREE-BEDROOM UPSTAIRS,
AND I HAVEN'T
SOLD THIS ONE YET.
THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
THE PRESSURE'S ON.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
AND THIS IS THE VISIONAIRE.
WELCOME. NOW, ONE THING.
UM, I HOPE IT'S NOT
A PROBLEM FOR YOU.
THE SELLER IS ACTUALLY
IN THE APARTMENT.
- OH, OKAY. THAT'S FINE.
- THAT'S FINE?
- YEAH.
- OKAY. FOLLOW ME.
JOHN?
- HEY, COME IN, COME IN.
- SORRY ABOUT THIS
LAST-MINUTE SHOWING.
I HAD A BUYER--WELL,
A BUYER'S REP, I SHOULD SAY.
- TOM.
- MY PLEASURE TO MEET YOU, TOM.
- THIS IS THE APARTMENT.
- OKAY.
- AND AS YOU CAN SEE,
THE VIEW IS JUST MAGNIFICENT.
AND HERE IS THE MASTER BATH.
- BOY, THAT'S A PRETTY
HIGH-TECH TOILET.
- YES, IT'S ACTUALLY
A SMALL,
VERY HIGH-TECH SPACESHIP
THAT HAS LANDED
FROM ANOTHER PLANET.
- I'M NOT SURE I'D KNOW
HOW TO USE THAT.
- WELL, WHY DON'T YOU GO--
GO--GO TOWARDS IT?
- THERE IT GOES.
- THERE WE GO.
HOW MUCH IS IT?
JOHN, HOW MUCH IS IT?
- UH, IT'S 5,500.
- WHO KNEW THAT THE TALKING
TOILET, THE MOVING TOILET
WAS GONNA BE THE SELLING POINT
FOR THIS APARTMENT?
- AND, UH, AND THIS IS
A GREEN BUILDING, TOO?
- THE GREENEST IN AMERICA.
- YEAH. WOW.
I THINK THIS IS JUST EXACTLY
WHAT HE'S LOOKING FOR.
- AND THE TOILETS.
- AND THE TOILETS, OF COURSE.
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF, UH,
GOING FROM THE WEST VILLAGE
DOWN TO BATTERY PARK CITY IS
A LITTLE BIT OF A DIFFERENT,
YOU KNOW,
TRANSITION FOR HIM.
- THE WEST VILLAGE--
WHY THE [bleep] WOULD YOU
WANT TO LIVE THERE?
- OH, BOY.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY YOU DON'T
WANT TO HAVE A BUYER
AND A SELLER MEET
AT A SHOWING.
- THIS IS REALLY A BEAUTIFUL
PLACE TO LIVE.
- WELL, THE WEST VILLAGE
IS NICE.
IT'S TREE-LINED.
IT'S VERY QUIET.
- YOU KNOW, IN MY OPINION,
YOU KNOW,
IT DOESN'T COMPARE
TO A PLACE LIKE THIS.
- OKAY, SO LET'S GO
TO THE LIVING ROOM.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- UH, WHAT'S
IT LISTED FOR?
- 2.2.
- UM, I THINK THAT MIGHT BE
JUST A LITTLE BIT
OVER HIS BUDGET,
SO I'LL JUST HAVE TO TALK TO HIM
ABOUT THE PRICE AND--
- WHAT IS HIS BUDGET?
- UH, HE'S LOOKING IN
AROUND 1.8.
- MM-HMM.
- YEAH.
- YEAH, THAT'S TOO LOW
FOR US.
- YEAH,
THAT'S NOT GONNA WORK.
- OKAY.
- YOU HAVE TO
BRING HIM UP HERE.
LET'S SHOW HIM AROUND AND--
- YEAH.
- GET HIM UP
A LITTLE BIT MORE.
- I'LL TALK TO HIM
ABOUT THAT.
SO WE'LL GET BACK TO YOU,
UH, PRETTY QUICKLY.
- I WANT TO START SHOWING
ADRIANA'S APARTMENT
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE,
BUT I JUST CAN'T START
SHOWING IT
WHEN THE ROOMS ARE STACKED
TO THE CEILING WITH STUFF.
WOW.
AT TIMES LIKE THESE,
MY REAL ESTATE PHILOSOPHY
IS TO TAKE THE BULL
BY THE HORNS.
HOW ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
- GOOD. HOW ARE YOU?
- GOOD.
SO EVERYTHING'S SET TO GO.
WE'RE READY TO PUT
THE APARTMENT ON THE MARKET,
BUT YOU HAVE A LOT OF STUFF,
RIGHT?
AND YOU'VE GOT TO REMEMBER,
IF WE WANT TO SELL,
BUYERS HAVE NO IMAGINATION.
SO...I'VE ENLISTED THE HELP
OF A PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZER.
- WHAT?
- ORGANIZER?
- SURPRISE IS REALLY
MY ONLY OPTION HERE.
I DON'T WANT TO GIVE ADRIANA
ANY CHANCE TO SAY NO.
THERE'S A LOT OF MONEY
ON THE LINE HERE,
AND IF WE DON'T TAKE CARE
OF THIS PROBLEM,
NO ONE IS GONNA BUY
THIS APARTMENT.
I JUST CAME FROM DOWNSTAIRS.
BARBARA'S DOWN THERE,
AND SHE HAS A TEAM OF MOVERS
WITH A MOVING TRUCK.
ADRIANA IS ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE
THAT'S REALLY HARD TO READ
BECAUSE SHE'S ALWAYS SMILING.
I MEAN, YOU NEVER KNOW
WHERE YOU STAND WITH HER.
- YOU'RE MOVING EVERYTHING
TODAY?
- YEAH, TODAY.
WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME, 'CAUSE
WE NEED TO SELL THIS QUICKLY.
- OKAY.
- YOU OKAY?
- NO.
- EVERYBODY CALM DOWN.
[knock on door]
- HELLO.
- HI, BARBARA.
- HELLO. HOW ARE YOU?
- ADRIANA. A PLEASURE.
- MISS JAY, NICE TO KNOW YOU.
- HEY, BARBARA.
SO NOW, I'VE TALKED
TO BARBARA ABOUT THE APARTMENT
AND KIND OF GIVEN HER
A SLIGHT BREAKDOWN,
BUT SHE HASN'T SEEN IT YET,
SO WE'LL WALK THROUGH IT
TOGETHER.
- GREAT.
- ALL RIGHT, SO LET'S
TAKE A LOOK AT THE BATHROOM.
- OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
- SO THIS NEEDS TO SHOW
AS A BATHROOM.
- YEP.
- BUT WHAT IS IT SHOWING US?
- IT SHOWS AS A SHOE CLOSET.
- WHY SHOULD I MOVE THIS?
THIS IS PERFECTLY FINE.
- BUT PEOPLE ARE JUST GONNA
COME IN AND SEE SHOES.
THEY'RE NOT GONNA SEE--
- BUT THEY'RE BEHIND A GLASS.
- THE SHOE COLLECTION.
- THEY'RE BEHIND A GLASS.
- I KNOW, BUT YOU CAN'T SEE
THE BATHTUB.
- YOU DON'T NEED A BATHTUB.
IF IT'S EMPTY,
IT LOOKS UGLIER.
IT LOOKS PRETTIER LIKE THIS.
- ADRIANA, THIS IS NOT PRETTY.
THIS IS NOT PRETTY.
- EVEN THOUGH THERE AREN'T
PIZZA BOXES
AND DEAD CATS EVERYWHERE,
ADRIANA STILL,
KIND OF BY DEFINITION,
IS A HOARDER.
HER STUFF JUST HAPPENS TO BE
RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE.
- WE'RE GONNA BACK UP OVER HERE.
- OH, MY GOSH.
OH, MY GOSH.
- WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- CRA--WOW.
- COMING UP...
- OKAY, THIS?
- NO, I WANT TO KEEP THAT.
- THIS?
- OH, NO, NO.
- THESE ARE LONG-SLEEVE.
- ADRIANA. ADRIANA.
- HOLD ON. I'VE GOT TO
CHECK IT OUT FIRST.
- IT'S LIKE RIPPING OFF
A BAND-AID.
- SHH!
- FREDRIK SPEAKING.
HI, TOM, HOW ARE YOU?
I'M RELIEVED TO HEAR BACK
FROM TOM
BECAUSE I KNOW HE HAD AN ISSUE
WITH THE PRICE
OF JOHN'S APARTMENT.
PLUS, JOHN DIDN'T REALLY
GO OUT OF HIS WAY TO CHARM HIM.
- THAT'S 240,000 BELOW
THE INITIAL ASK.
- RIGHT.
- I'M GONNA SEE
WHAT I CAN DO.
[line ringing]
- HELLO.
- JOHN?
- YEAH, HOW ARE YOU DOING,
FREDRIK?
- AI-YI-YI.
TOM PUT IN AN OFFER.
YES.
I'VE GOT TO GIVE YOU
THE OFFER.
1,885,000.
HE'S A REAL BUYER,
AND HE'S READY TO GO.
IT'S JUST THE PRICE.
THE PROBLEM I HAVE IS THAT
THE TRAFFIC THAT WE HAVE
ARE ALSO LOOKING AT THE UNITS
FROM THE DEVELOPER,
AND AS YOU KNOW, THEY'RE PRETTY
NEGOTIABLE THERE.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW BECAUSE YOU
BOUGHT THE APARTMENT UPSTAIRS,
AND I GOT YOU
A BIG DISCOUNT THERE.
- OKAY, THINKING
WHAT I CAN DO,
YOU KNOW, I CAN REALLY TRY
TO GET SOME MORE TRAFFIC.
- THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- THANK YOU.
- OKAY.
WE'RE GOING TO SORT OF
LOOK AT YOUR THINGS
AND SEE WHAT YOU'RE
GONNA BE WEARING
FOR THE NEXT, YOU KNOW,
SIX MONTHS.
OKAY. THIS?
- OKAY, NO.
I WANT TO KEEP THAT.
- THIS?
- OH, NO, NO.
WE NEED TO KEEP THAT.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I WANT THIS.
- FROM HERE TO HERE,
WE GET TO KEEP,
SO WHATEVER YOU CAN FIT.
- OH, WHATEVER I CAN FIT?
- OKAY, SO THE--
- THIS IS STRESSFUL.
I WANT THIS.
- ADRIANA,
WE'RE GONNA BE HERE FOREVER
IF WE GO PIECE BY PIECE.
- WE'RE PUTTING THIS ON.
I'M WEARING IT ON.
I DON'T CARE.
I HAVE TO KEEP THIS.
OKAY, NO!
- THESE ARE LONG-SLEEVE.
- ADRIANA. ADRIANA.
- HOLD ON. I'VE GOT TO
CHECK IT OUT FIRST.
- IT'S LIKE RIPPING OFF
A BAND-AID.
- SHH!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
- I'M TRYIN'.
I'M TRYIN', RYAN.
- OH, MY GOD. YOU GUYS
ARE STRESSING ME OUT.
- THIS IS NOT GOING WELL,
SO I NEED TO GET THEM
BACK ON TRACK.
OKAY, STAY CALM.
- RIGHT.
- BREATHE.
- AND REMEMBER, THERE'S A WAY
THAT YOU SELL YOUR HOME
AND THEN THERE'S A WAY
THAT YOU LIVE IN YOUR HOME.
WE'RE JUST GONNA MINIMIZE.
- DEAL?
- YOU'RE GIVING ME NO CHOICE.
[laughter]
YOU'RE FORCING ME.
- NO.
- YES.
- IT'S NOT FORCING YOU.
IT'S OUT OF LOVE.
- YOU HAVE CARS DOWNSTAIRS.
THAT'S FORCE.
- IF--IF A BUYER CAN CONNECT
WITH YOUR PLACE FASTER,
YOU'RE GONNA SELL IT
FASTER.
- ABSOLUTELY.
OKAY?
- OKAY, FINE.
- ALL RIGHT? ALL RIGHT?
- ALL WE'RE TRYING TO DO
IS SELL THE APARTMENT.
THAT'S THE END GOAL.
THIS STUFF IS GONNA BE
IN STORAGE.
- OKAY, FINE.
OKAY, I COULD DO
WITHOUT THOSE, I GUESS.
- OKAY, GREAT.
- OKAY, THOSE CAN GO.
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT.
PROGRESS.
LOOK AT THAT.
OH, THAT WAS FOUR!
- YES, WE'RE MAKING A DENT.
- JUST DO THIS NOW, RYAN,
BEFORE I HAVE A PANIC ATTACK.
- I'M TRYING TO GO
AS FAST AS POSSIBLE.
- HURRY.
- DO YOU WANT TO HOLD ONTO IT
FOR DEAR LIFE?
- YEAH.
- WE'RE ACTUALLY STARTING TO
MAKE SOME PROGRESS HERE.
I MEAN, THE APARTMENT
IS NOW STARTING TO LOOK
LIKE AN ACTUAL HOME.
LOOK, THERE'S A SHOWER HEAD
IN HERE!
- VERY FUNNY.
- I THINK IT'S TIME WE START
BRINGING SOME BUYERS IN.
- YES!
- I THINK YOU AND I SHOULD TALK
TO SOMEBODY.
- NO.
- I'LL GO WITH YOU.
WE'LL GO TO HOARDERS ANONYMOUS.
- NO. NO.
- [laughs]
- JOHN HAS ALREADY MOVED INTO
HIS NEW APARTMENT UPSTAIRS.
I HAVEN'T SOLD THIS ONE.
THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
THE PRESSURE IS ON.
[knock on door]
OH, HEY.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
BUT MY SECRET WEAPON--
MY SWEDISH CHEF HAS ARRIVED,
AND I REALLY HOPE
THAT HE CAN DISTRACT BROKERS
AWAY FROM THE FACT
THERE'S NO FURNITURE
IN THE APARTMENT.
I FEEL LIKE SINGING A BIT
OF A SWEDISH SONG
WHILE WE DO THIS.
DO YOU HAVE ANY GOOD
CHEF SONGS?
- ABSOLUTELY.
[both singing
in Swedish]
- SEE, THE APARTMENT
ALREADY FEELS
A LITTLE BIT MORE
LIKE A HOME.
MMM.
[doorbell rings]
HI.
- HI, HOW ARE YOU?
- HI, GIRLS, HOW ARE YOU?
- WHERE TO, MIKE?
- UH, COLUMBUS CIRCLE.
IT WAS GOOD.
I ALWAYS SAY
ONE OF THE BEST PARTS
ABOUT LIVING
IN NEW YORK CITY
IS BEING ABLE TO LEAVE
THE CITY,
ESPECIALLY ON THE WEEKENDS,
WHEN I GET TO GO TO
ONE OF MY HOUSES IN BOSTON
OR NANTUCKET OR EVEN
MY FAMILY'S HOUSE IN MIAMI.
SOMETIMES IT'S REALLY NICE
TO GET OUT OF THE CITY.
THIS TRAFFIC, I WANT TO PUNCH
PEOPLE IN THE FACE.
- YOU WANT TO PUNCH 'EM?
- WELL, I'D HAVE TO RUN AWAY.
YOU COULD PUNCH PEOPLE
IN THE FACE AND STAND THERE.
- [laughs] IT'S THE RED PANTS.
I'M TELLING YOU,
IT'S THE RED PANTS.
YOU REALLY, REALLY NEED TO--
I'M SORRY, BROTHER, NO.
- WITH AGE COMES KNOWLEDGE.
- AND YOU KNOW A LOT MORE ABOUT
REAL ESTATE THAN I DO,
SO THERE YOU GO.
- WELL, I'M ACTUALLY GONNA
CALL IN AN OFFER RIGHT NOW.
[line ringing]
HEY, LEONARD,
IT'S MICHAEL LORBER.
WE'RE READY TO SUBMIT AN OFFER
ON THAT APARTMENT
ON GREENWICH STREET.
WHAT?
OH, MY CLIENT LOVED IT.
WE WERE READY TO MAKE A FULL,
YOU KNOW,
A GREAT OFFER,
A CASH OFFER.
I MEAN, THIS REALLY SUCKS.
I GOT KIMBERLY'S OFFER
FRIDAY NIGHT,
AND I WAITED TILL MONDAY
TO SUBMIT IT TO LEONARD.
I DIDN'T THINK ANYTHING WOULD
HAPPEN BETWEEN NOW AND THEN.
WOW, THAT SUCKS.
THERE GOES MY FIRST BIG DEAL
RIGHT DOWN THE DRAIN.
- WE HAVE ALL THE INFORMATION.
- OKAY, GREAT.
- THE PRICING.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- OKAY, GREAT.
THANK YOU, GUYS.
I'LL SHOW YOU OUT.
- NO PROBLEM.
- BYE-BYE.
[humming]
IT'S BEEN TWO HOURS.
ALL THE WORK THAT MY TEAM
HAS PUT IN, AND TWO PEOPLE.
TWO PEOPLE?
NEW YORK CITY BROKERS,
WHERE ARE YOU?
I NEED TO SELL THIS.
I HAVE A LOT OF PRESSURE ON ME.
[phone ringing]
- [gasps]
THIS IS THE SELLER.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT SHOULD I TELL HIM?
WELL, I HAVE TO TELL HIM
THE TRUTH.
JOHN?
I'M GOOD.
I'M AT THE OPEN HOUSE.
UM...
YOU'RE GONNA TAKE THE DEAL
FOR 1,885,000?
YES, I'M GONNA DO THE DEAL.
I'M GONNA DO THE DEAL, UH,
AND, UM,
AND, I MEAN...
DID YOU--
JOHN.
[laughs]
YES, I'M HERE.
YOU KNOW--
WE'RE SO HIGH UP,
I HARDLY HAVE RECEPTION.
ANYWAY, THANK YOU, JOHN.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
OKAY.
- BYE-BYE.
THE VISIONAIRE
WAS A HUGE SUCCESS.
TWO DEALS,
DOUBLE COMMISSION.
NOW IT'S TIME
TO DOUBLE CELEBRATE.
WHEE!
- COMING UP...
- I LOST THE APARTMENT.
- IT'S GONE TO CONTRACT,
RIGHT.
YOU'VE--YOU'VE LOST IT.
- OKAY,
SO IT'S 535 AND NOT 520?
- KNOCK-KNOCK.
- I JUST--
I JUST NEED YOU TO COME UP.
HEY. HEY, CHRIS,
I'LL CALL YOU RIGHT BACK.
WHOA.
- THIS JUST CAME FOR YOU.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
- I LOVE SURPRISES.
IT'S NOT MY BIRTHDAY,
BY THE WAY.
WHAT IS THIS?
"RYAN, WHEN I SAW THIS,
I THOUGHT OF YOU.
HAVE A NICE LIFE."
- YOU GONNA OPEN IT?
- "HAVE A NICE LIFE"?
THAT'S KIND OF MEAN.
- OH, MY GOD!
- OH!
- OH, MY GOD, I DON'T LIKE THAT.
I DON'T LIKE THE SNAKE.
OH, MY GOD. OH!
- WOW. THAT IS A SNAKE.
WHO DROPPED THIS OFF?
- I DON'T REALLY KNOW.
- "WHEN I SAW THIS,
I THOUGHT OF YOU." WOW.
- HI.
- HEY.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- I'M GOOD.
THANKS FOR COMING BY.
- WHAT DO YOU HAVE
GOING ON?
- I'M WORKING, WORKING FOR YOU.
- YEAH? FOR ME?
- YEAH, COME SIT DOWN.
- OKAY. SO WHAT'S HAPPENING?
- UM, SO I PUT THE OFFER IN
AND UNBEKNOWNST TO ME,
SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN PLAYING
AROUND WITH IT FOR A LITTLE BIT,
THEY ACTUALLY WENT
TO CONTRACT THAT MORNING.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- I LOST THE--I'M--
I LOST THE APARTMENT?
- WELL, IT'S GONE TO CONTRACT.
RIGHT.
YOU'VE--YOU'VE LOST IT.
- AND I LOST IT BECAUSE?
- YOU KNOW, IT WAS JUST
A MATTER OF THE TIMING.
BUT, I MEAN, IT HAPPENS
A LOT, UNFORTUNATELY.
I MEAN, THAT'S ONE
OF THE THINGS IN NEW--
REAL ESTATE IN NEW YORK.
BY THE TIME I GET
MY CALLS RETURNED
OR I GET IN TOUCH
WITH SOMEBODY,
SOMETIMES YOU LOSE A DEAL.
- SO WE JUST WEREN'T
FAST ENOUGH.
- CORRECT.
I MEAN, IF WE HAD
24 HOURS PRIOR,
WE PROBABLY COULD HAVE GOT IT,
BUT THEN, HEY, WE COULD HAVE--
MAYBE THERE WOULD HAVE--THERE
COULD HAVE BEEN A BIDDING WAR.
- MICHAEL, YOU KNEW THAT
THERE WAS ANOTHER PERSON?
- I KNEW PEOPLE
HAD BEEN LOOKING AT IT.
I'M SITTING HERE,
THINKING TO MYSELF,
WOW, SHE REALLY WANTED THIS.
I FEEL BAD.
YOU KNOW, WAS THERE SOMETHING
I COULD HAVE DONE?
SHOULD I HAVE TRIED TO
GET HER IN THERE EARLIER?
BUT, YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT PSYCHIC.
I DIDN'T KNOW
SHE'D LOVE IT THAT MUCH.
- SO BASICALLY,
I'M HOMELESS.
- WELL, I APPRECIATE YOU
AND YOU DID A GREAT JOB
WITH THE APARTMENT.
- THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE YOU AND THE BOAT
AND THE APARTMENT,
EVERYTHING.
- YOU ALMOST DIDN'T MAKE IT.
- WELL, IT WAS CLOSE.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
I WAS A LITTLE NERVOUS.
I'M SO GLAD AND PROUD
THAT I DID SELL THOSE TWO
APARTMENTS TO HIM,
BECAUSE HE MIGHT HAVE PUSHED ME
OFF THE BOAT OTHERWISE.
UHH!
THIS IS LIFE.
- THIS SEASON ONMILLION DOLLAR
LISTING NEW YORK...
- OH, YOU WEREN'T KIDDING.
- THE CEILING HEIGHT
IS 36 FEET.
- THIS MIGHT BE THE COOLEST ROOM
IN ALL OF MANHATTAN.
- WOW. THAT'S A REAL LOFT.
- SO ALL THE APARTMENTS HAVE
THESE GLASS STAIRCASES?
- YES.
AREN'T THEY AMAZING?
- THIS IS DOWNTOWN.
- WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER?
- 35 MILLION.
- THAT'S 1,250,000
IN COMMISSION.
- HE WANTS
THE ENTIRE BUILDING.
- THE WHOLE BUILDING?
WOW, OKAY.
- WHAT--WHAT IS THAT?
- THAT'S INDIE.
HE'S A, UH, A WALLABY.
- A KANGAROO.
[imitates gunshot]
- 16,750,000.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
COME UP TO THAT POINT.
THIS IS A NO? YOU'RE SAYING
NO TO MY OFFER?
- YOU GUYS ARE GONNA
HAVE TO COME UP.
WE'RE NOT--
NOT GONNA BE INSULTED.
- 19.88 MILLION,
BEST AND FINAL, AND THAT'S IT.
- LET'S DO 50:50.
- NO, I AGREE.
- I'M GONNA BE DOING
ALL THE WORK,
BUT I'M STILL GONNA GIVE YOU
50% OF THE COMMISSION.
- EXCUSE MY FRENCH, BUT I DON'T
GIVE A FLYING [bleep]
ABOUT YOUR RENOVATION.
- I WAS JUST THERE TO WHAT,
BE YOUR BITCH
AND SHOW PEOPLE AROUND?
- DRINK SOME WATER.
CALM DOWN.
- I DON'T WANT TO BE INVOLVED
WITH YOU ANYMORE.
- I'M SITTING DOWN THERE
WITH BONNIE,
AND YOU COME IN THERE
AND YOU PUT YOUR [bleep]
BUSINESS CARD DOWN.
- I WOULD NEVER STEAL CLIENTS.
- LOOK ME IN THE EYE.
- I'M LOOKING YOU IN THE EYE.
- OKAY.
- I WANT YOU TO LEAVE.
- THIS IS [bleep] RIDICULOUS.
[door slams]
- FOR MOREMILLION DOLLAR
LISTING NEW YORK,
CHECK OUT BRAVOTV.COM.